Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/ref/models/expressions.txt

   reporter.refresh_from_db()

As well as being used in operations on single instances as above, ``F()`` can

> be used on ``QuerySet``\s of object instances, with ``update()``. This reduces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used with ``update()`` to perform efficient bulk updates on a ``QuerySet``. This reduces
```
